doc/releases/nautilus: more detail around ceph-volume step (#26956)
ceph/ceph: doc/releases/nautilus.rst

        "ceph version 14.2.0 (...) nautilus (stable)": 22,
     }

> #. If there are any OSDs in the cluster deployed with ceph-disk (e.g.,

Reviewer: Can we print that in the package install logs?

Reviewer 2: What do you mean by install logs? If you mean an rpm post script then the packages can't (well, technically they can but it is against the packaging policies) print anything when running the post scripts.

> #. If there are any OSDs in the cluster deployed with ceph-disk (e.g.,

Reviewer 3: We need to emphasize that OSDs *need to be running*, otherwise a system-wide scan will not pick them up

   almost any OSDs that were created before the Mimic release), you
   need to tell ceph-volume to adopt responsibility so they can be
   activated after a host reboot.  On each host containing OSDs,::

     # ceph-volume simple scan
     # ceph-volume simple activate --all

>    We recommend that each OSD host be rebooted following this step to

Reviewer: Should we recommend setting `noout` for that reboot to avoid uncessary recovery?

Author: noout is already set for the full upgrade procedure

   verify that the OSDs start up automatically.

   Note that ceph-volume doesn't have the same hot-plug capability
   that ceph-disk did, where a newly attached disk is automatically
   detected via udev events.  If a ceph-disk-based OSD is moved to a
   new host, or the host OSD is reinstalled, or the ``/etc/ceph/osd``

>    directory is lost, you will need to repeat the above commands to

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   directory is lost, you will need to scan the device *directly*  to
```

Reviewer 4: scanning the device directly will presumably require a different command - should that command be mentioned here?

Reviewer 3: It is the same command but with the device path, so instead of:

    ceph-volume simple scan

It would be:

    ceph-volume simple scan /dev/device

I guess it can't hurt?

        "ceph version 14.2.0 (...) nautilus (stable)": 22,
     }

#. If there are any OSDs in the cluster deployed with ceph-disk (e.g.,
   almost any OSDs that were created before the Mimic release), you
   need to tell ceph-volume to adopt responsibility for starting the
   daemons.  On each host containing OSDs, ensure the OSDs are
   currently running, and then::

     # ceph-volume simple scan
     # ceph-volume simple activate --all

   We recommend that each OSD host be rebooted following this step to
   verify that the OSDs start up automatically.

   Note that ceph-volume doesn't have the same hot-plug capability
   that ceph-disk did, where a newly attached disk is automatically

>    detected via udev events.  If the OSD isn't currenting when the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   detected via udev events.  If the OSD isn't currently running when the
```
